Keyconf 23 blog (#395)
keycloak/keycloak-web: blog/2023/keyconf-23.adoc

:title: Keyconf 23
:date: 2023-05-04
:publish: true
:author: Marek Posolda

We would like to invite you to the Keycloak conference Keyconf 23!

The event will take place on June 16 in London. The details about this event together with the links for free registration are
https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/keyconf-23-tickets-621079815447[here]!

> We run the Keyconf conference along side a major conference https://whitehallmedia.co.uk/idmjun2023/[IDM Identity Management], which
> takes place at the same place on June 15. So if you are interested in security in general, it is maybe an opportunity to join the both conferences together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Keyconf conference takes place the day after the https://whitehallmedia.co.uk/idmjun2023/[IDM Identity Management] conference. If you are interested in security in general, this is a good opportunity to join the both conferences.
```
